Docs update (#68)
key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper: README.md

- Python interface to configure Marlin processors
- In-memory Event Data Model (EDM) converters between [LCIO](https://github.com/iLCSoft/LCIO) and [EDM4hep](https://github.com/key4hep/EDM4hep)
- Steering file input conversion from Marlin (XML) to Gaudi (Python)
- Input and output file support for LCIO and EDM4hep

## Build status

[![linux](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/test.yml)

[![doctest-linux](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/doctest.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/doctest.yaml)

[![clang-format-check](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/clang-format-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper/actions/workflows/clang-format-check.yml)

## Using Event Data Model (EDM) converters

Please refer to the [EDM Converters](./doc/edmConverters.md) documentation

## Configuring, compiling and installing

Use the CVMFS HSF Key4hep view to compile and install k4MarlinWrapper.

```bash
source /cvmfs/sw.hsf.org/key4hep/setup.sh

> # Alternatively use the nightlies to use the latests packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Alternatively use the nightly build to get the latest development branches of key4hep packages
```
